# +

The framework for which all this is envisioned and processed with ever growing high engineering level, and for which the purpose is given, is then this ever searched strive for balance, to somehow use the intellect to describe a process of mental analysis regarding any subject, while sorting out the biasing (maintaining robustness and endurance) over unknown dynamics described in temporal data collected from sensors. And this could be understood as a machinery to stay tuned one (or infinite) input(s) both.

Briefly, we look forward to create a system that can transform some sort of input information (encoded in bits) into helpful insights regarding the dynamics of the inputed data, of any system. Now, the output of such function over time is used to alter the dynamics of the system it is analyzing via some actuator of appropriate field.

Important information can be obtained both in open and closed loop (while having an appropriate control function) that is structured in arrays of temporal and process features, a map of the spatial state of the relationships between the nodes.

Using the approach of the telecommunication experiences, analysis within the frequency domain can be carried out. Yet, some mathematical analysis can be done with dynamic programming and state space lmi.

Diferente mathematical approaches with a concentric point that defines the overall dynamical description of the whole. Any level, cosmos, as with the definition of universal approximation and the determinism with laplace.

Therefore, the core purpose of this enterprise is to find this prime definition, the place where all this practical and theoretical definitions of any sort of dynamics converges, where a mathematical concept can be structured to define multiple and highly intertwined levels of processing nodes as well as simple siso systems.